gh-104635: Eliminate redundant STORE_FAST instructions in the compiler (#105040)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Core and Builtins/2023-05-31-16-53-17.gh-issue-104635.iwf0d8.rst

> The basic dead store elimination is adopted in the basic block optimization
> process. Patch by Dong-hee Na and Carl Meyer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Eliminate redundant :opcode:`STORE_FAST` instructions in the compiler. Patch by Dong-hee Na and Carl Meyer.
```
